you
hi my name is David oka
I am the u.s. distributor for the
natural certain pacifiers I am also a
mom and I love interested in because
they are made of all-natural rubber
they have no bpa pellets PVC or
artificial coloring they are easy to
clean because of their patented want
this design that eliminates places where
bacteria can hide we have a larger
shield that touches baby's nose more
closely simulating breastfeeding your
child may look like mega Simpson but we
think it's really cute they are
available in two different shapes
rounded and orthotic the pacifiers are
made in Europe they comply to all US and
European safety standards I recently
visited our new factory in Ely and I
would like to introduce you to another
Schroeder she's the mom behind a tree
certain and Bruno psyckadeli who
manufactures the path hers in Italy hi
my name is Ann I am the mom behind
natural certain pacifier that short
student is the Danish word for natural
pacifier and I'm here in Italy with
Bruno second le who owns the factory
that actually makes these pacifiers and
from a pacifier to go from this stage
with it which is a natural rubber in
fluid form yes how long does it take
this lattice will be comes from tree
available as variances that is belongs
40 days it company it takes 40 days in
20 passes 20 steps ok so we just you put
this latex into a machine and 40 days
later this one came come up yes
yes so you you watch closely each step
in the process yes I am sure that the
article at the end it's very sure nature
certain is a safe and natural choice